ci: standardise conventional commits (#4084)
Flagsmith/flagsmith: docs/docs/platform/contributing.md

- If your PR involves a lot of commits, squash them using `git rebase -i` as this makes it easier for us to review.
- Keep lines under 80 characters.

### Conventional Commits

> Please title your PR's with starting with one of the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please prefix the title of your PRs with one of the following
```
